# Visit of the Fangorn Forest

One of the point of `nitcc` is to generate the classes of the AST and visit methods.
You can look around in the generated files.

Let's focus on the Logolas format.

There is an abstract cursor (atùin in Elfish) that start at (0,0) and that is oriented to the right (because elves like to be right).
The x axis goes to the left and the y axis goes to the bottom.

There is 3 basic types of commands:

* forward (`⭡`) is used to advance in the current direction, the distance is given by the following number (from 1 to 12).
  Because elves like purity, the final position must be rounded to the nearest integer for x and y. It means that between commands, the atùin is always at an integer position.
* turn left (`⮢`) and right (`⮣`) change the current direction.
  The angle is given from 1 to 12 like in a clock (3 means a right angle).
* sequence enclosed between `𝄆` and `𝄇` are repeated a given number of times indicated after the closing `𝄇`.
  Note that `Ⅴ` repetitions means that the sequence must be executed 6 times.

## Mission

* Difficulty: hard

Using the classes generated by nitcc, implement a program that computes the final position of the atùin. The logolas file is given as the first argument of the program.

To help you, three logolas files are proposed:

* an elegant and abstract L letter [maenas](maenas.logolas).
* a glowing and inspiring star [elen](elen.logolas).
* a peaceful and warm house [bar](bar.logolas).

### Template to Use

<!--
~~~nit
module logolas

import logolas_parser
import logolas_lexer

# CODE HERE
~~~-->

<pre class="hl"><span class="hl kwa">module</span> logolas

<span class="hl kwa">import</span> logolas_parser
<span class="hl kwa">import</span> logolas_lexer

<span class="hl slc"># CODE HERE</span>
</pre>

### Expected Result

* for maenas: (1,3)
* for elen: (10,-3)
* for bar: (4,0)
